CITY OF SPRINGBORO 
ORDINANCE NO. __________ 

AN ORDINANCE DETERMINING TO PROCEED WITH 
IMPROVEMENTS TO CERTAIN PROPERTY IN THE CITY 
OF SPRINGBORO, COUNTY OF WARREN, OHIO, AS 
DESCRIBED IN RESOLUTION NO. R-13-8, AND 
DECLARING AN EMERGENCY. 

WHEREAS, this council on March 7, 2013, duly adopted Resolution No. R-13-8 
declaring the necessity of constructing, reconstructing or repairing sidewalks and driveway 
aprons (herein the “Improvements”) in certain described property in this city; and 

WHEREAS, no claims for damages alleged to result from or objections to said 
Improvements were filed within the period provided by law for filing such claims or objections; 
NOW, THEREFORE, the City of Springboro (herein the “City”), County of Warren, 
Ohio, hereby ordains: 

SECTION 1. That it is hereby declared to be the intention of this council to proceed with 
the improvement of certain sidewalks and driveway aprons, or other public places, or parts 
thereof by constructing the Improvements, the nature of which Improvements and which such 
sidewalks and driveway aprons, or other public places, or parts thereof, are described in 
Resolution No. R-13-8 duly adopted by this council on March 7, 2013. 

SECTION 2. That the Improvements shall be made in accordance with the provisions of 
said resolution, and in accordance with the specifications and estimate of cost of the 
Improvements, approved pursuant to said resolution, and now on file in the office of the Clerk of 
Council. 

SECTION 3. That the assessable portion of the cost of the Improvements shall be 
assessed on the benefited properties, in the manner as provided in Section 4 of said resolution. 

SECTION 4. That the estimated assessments heretofore prepared and filed in the office of 
the Clerk of Council, in accordance with said resolution, be and the same are hereby adopted. 

SECTION 5. That, in compliance with Section 319.61 of the Ohio Revised Code, the 
Clerk of Council be and is hereby directed to deliver a certified copy of this ordinance to the 
county auditor within fifteen (15) days after the date of adoption hereof. 

SECTION 6. That a contract for the construction of the Improvements shall be let in the 
manner provided by law, subject to the provisions of Section 727.24 of the Ohio Revised Code, 
and the cost of the Improvements shall be financed as provided in said resolution. 

SECTION 7. That it is found and determined that all formal actions of this council 
concerning and relating to the adoption of this ordinance were conducted in an open meeting of 
this council, and that all deliberations of this council and of any of its committees that resulted in
such formal action, were in meetings open to the public, in compliance with all legal 
requirements, including Section 121.22 of the Ohio Revised Code. 

SECTION 8. That this ordinance is hereby declared to be an emergency measure 
necessary for the immediate preservation of the public peace, health, safety and welfare of the 
City, and for the further reason that construction of the Improvements needs to occur as soon as 
possible during the 2013 construction season to eliminate problems with existing sidewalks for 
the safety of abutting owners and the inhabitants of the city; therefore, this ordinance shall be in 
full force and effect from and immediately after its adoption. 
